Format fix (#1741)
LinuxCNC/linuxcnc: docs/README.adoc

and added to Git. The .dxf files can be edited with multiple CAD packages,
and serve as the 'source' files for future changes to the drawings.
They can be converted from .dxf to postscript (not .eps) using QCAD,

> which is available for many systems image:https://repology.org/badge/tiny-repos/qcad.svg[link=https://repology.org/project/qcad/].

Reviewer: So a quick an ugly fix would be:
```suggestion
which is available for many systems, see link:https://repology.org/project/qcad/[here].
```

and added to Git. The .dxf files can be edited with multiple CAD packages,
and serve as the 'source' files for future changes to the drawings.
They can be converted from .dxf to postscript (not .eps) using QCAD,

> which is available 
> image:https://repology.org/badge/tiny-repos/qcad.svg[title="Badge of available systems"] 
> and also specified on https://repology.org/project/qcad/versions[this page].

Reviewer: I think it was more intended like this:
```suggestion
which is available for many systems image:https://repology.org/badge/tiny-repos/qcad.svg[link=https://repology.org/project/qcad/].
```
